add curl log visitibility (#338)
DataDog/chaos-controller: CONTRIBUTING.md

[demo.yaml](examples/demo.yaml) contains testing resources you can apply directly to your cluster in whatever namespace you choose (`chaos-demo` by default) by running:
  * `kubectl apply -f examples/demo.yaml`

> To see whether curls are succeeding by tailing kubectl logs, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see whether curls are succeeding, by using kubectl to tail the pod's logs, run:
```

The previous structure was implying we're tailing the logs of kubectl

>   * `kubectl logs -f <curl pod>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `kubectl logs -f <curl pod> curl`
```

The curl pod has multiple containers including a dummy one which does nothing. You must specify the curl one to actually get curl logs.

## 3rd-party licenses

> 3rd-party references and licenses are kept in the [LICENSE-3rdparty.csv](LICENSE-3rdparty.csv) file. This file has been generated by the [tasks/3rdparty.py](tasks/3rdparty.py) script. If any vendor is updated, added or removed, this file must be updated as well.

Reviewer 2: Is this change expected?

Author: no... not sure how this happened o-o
